Your first assignment is to use GitHub to submit some autobiographical information about yourself.  Answer the following questions.  Use GitHub to submit the resulting text file.
1. What is your name?
Jennifer Cox

2. Why are you interested in Data Science?
I've worked in research for almost 10 years in an administrative role. I found myself very interested in what our scientists were working on, and in fact,
found it to be almost crucial to do my job to really understand what they were doing and why they were doing it.  I've always been interested in math and science
and less interested in business so how I even have been doing so much of that in my professional strange (although it was a crucial step for my knowledge base for
my job so I'm happy to have the experience).  So, it is now time for me to dig deeper into science, focus on my original interest and get my curious mind going 
again. I'm currently in a project management role so I'm hoping an MS in Data Science will simply make me better in my job and also allow me to dig deeper into
our discussions with our Scientists and participate in the science!


3. Tell us a little bit about your programming experience.  What programming courses have you taken?  Do you use programming on the job, and if so, how?
I'm a novice.  I just finished the prerequisites for the program by taking an Intro to Computer Programming course that focused on Java.  I found it very difficult,
but somehow managed to get through it :) I often review code and we speak pseudocode in my work. I haven't had to do any of the actual programming. We are mainly
using Microsoft Access in our work, but will be incorporating SQL soon.  I work with scientists who use all different languages, but Python and R are the preferred
languages and the direction we'll be heading. My knowledge of this is quite timely!

4.  Tell us a little bit about your statistics experience.  What statistics courses have you taken?  Do you use statistics on the job, and if so, how?
I took an elementary statistics course as an undergrad in probably 2003 or 2004.  We do talk statistics in my job, but it's really basic stats.  I've used a little
SPSS (which I understand is a totally outdated program) in the last 5 years, but nothing too complex.

5.  Do you have other experience with R or Python?
No, but as I mentioned, learning both are very timely for my job.

6.  What do you hope to learn in this class?
Since I am totally new, I'm hoping to learn anything I can relating to R and Python. I need to start at the basics so, at the end of the class, I am hoping to have
good working knowledge of both programs.

7.  Is there anything else you would like to share with us?
I really am totally new to all of this and will likely ask a lot of basic questions. Thank you for your patience :)